MNT: Appveyor no longer supported (#464)
astropy/ci-helpers: README.md

-----

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/astropy/ci-helpers.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/astropy/ci-helpers)

This repository contains a set of scripts that are used by the

> ``.travis.yml`` file of Astropy packages for the

Reviewer: it's not just astropy any more, but a more broad range

Author: Any suggested wording? 😸

Reviewer: I'm not picky on words, and was just nitpicking. In fact, lets get this merged now rather than have another CI round. 
If we get bored, we can always come back and reword the readme here and possibly elsewhere, too, as it got written in a very organic way.

A more useful thing would be through to let the batchpr/issue bot loose on all the packages still using the ci-helpers appveyor, and let them know that things got evolved, they better evolve, too.

[Travis](https://travis-ci.com) service.

The idea is to clone these at the last minute when the continuous
integration is about to be run. This is better than including this
repository as a Git sub-module, because this allows updates to this repository
to take effect immediately, and not have to update the Git sub-module every time
a change is made.

Important notice
----------------

Scripts for ``appveyor.yml`` for the [AppVeyor](https://www.appveyor.com/)
service are no longer supported. Please use the
[Windows build on Travis](https://docs.travis-ci.com/user/reference/windows/)
instead.

> Also see [Appveyor scripts README](https://github.com/astropy/ci-helpers/blob/master/appveyor/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the usage of the deprecated scripts see [Appveyor scripts README](https://github.com/astropy/ci-helpers/blob/master/appveyor/README.md).
```
